Add support for user defined aliases in CDN (#22)
bitovi/github-actions-deploy-static-site-to-aws: README.md

In the case you are using domains and not using a CDN, no cert will be available, and length of the FQDN *MUST* be below 64 characters. Will be adjusted if it exceeds that limit. 

## Certificates with CDN

In the case you are using a custom domain name and need to support two alternate domain names, you can use the `aws_site_cdn_aliases`. 
If using a certificate, keep in mind that you'll need to specify one that covers the domains being defined.  

> For example, if the CDN will support `site.bitovi.com` and `site.bitovi.tools`, the same certificate in should cover both *bitovi.com* and *bitovi.tools* domains. (Can use sub-domains too). In that case, you'll need to specify the certificate to use by defining the `aws_r53_cert_arn`.

Reviewer: <!-- Typo comments are like todo:, where the main issue is a mispelling.  -->
**typo:** ‏

```suggestion
For example, if the CDN will support `site.bitovi.com` and `site.bitovi.tools`, the same certificate must should cover both *bitovi.com* and *bitovi.tools* domains. (You can use sub-domains too). In that case, you'll need to specify the certificate by defining the `aws_r53_cert_arn`.
```

> If they alternate domain names are child of the same domain, you can use a root cert for both. 

Reviewer: **typo**:

```suggestion
If the alternate domain names are children of the same domain, you can use a root cert for both.
```
